#summary Software prerequisites and installation details

= Introduction =

Before you can analyze your data, there are several prerequisites. This guide will describe the prerequisites in sufficient detail and finish with a quick analysis example.

== Software needed to create and analyze DBO files ==
  * Windows XP or better
  * Microsoft Office XP or better^1^
  * [http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/download.php?file=/technology/epp/downloads/release/indigo/SR2/eclipse-java-indigo-SR2-win32.zip Eclipse 32-bit] or 64-bit
  * Java version 1.7 OR BELOW (Java 1.8 removed support for accessing MDB files using the current technique)
Note: If you get 64-bit Eclipse, you will need to manually obtain and select a 32-bit JDK. If you don't know how to do this, get 32-bit Eclipse.
== Optional Software ==
  * Sigmaplot
  * MS Excel
  * SPSS

= Software Installation =
  # [http://www.eclipse.org/downloads/download.php?file=/technology/epp/downloads/release/indigo/SR2/eclipse-java-indigo-SR2-win32.zip Download Eclipse] if you don't have it and extract the zip file to a preferred directory, e.g., C:/Users/John
  # Run Eclipse by Clicking on the executable
  # Install subclipse using the help->Install new software... option in Eclipse
    # Click the "Add..." button and provide a name (subclipse) and repository URL <pre>http://subclipse.tigris.org/update_1.8.x</pre>
    # Ensure subclipse is selected in the drop-down box
    # Choose "Select All"
    # Choose "Next," then "Next" again
    # Accept the license agreements, then choose "Finish"
    # Choose "OK" if you receive any informational pop-up dialogs
    # Choose the "Restart Now" option (restarting Eclipse, not your computer) once your software is installed
  # Grab the latest code from the repository^2^
    # In Eclipse, File->Import->SVN->Checkout Projects from SVN
    # Choose "Next"
    # Create New Repository Location: <pre> http://katalabaino.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/ </pre>
    # Choose "Next"
    # Select Katalabaino, Then "Finish"
      * Watch all the downloading, maybe grab a coffee if you have a slow connection
= Running Katalabaino =
  # From Eclipse, Double-click on the Katalabaino project in the left-hand tree-view
  # Open the folder called <pre>src</pre> and then <pre>analyses</pre>
  # Double-click the file <pre>GUIAnalyze</pre>
  # Choose "Run" from the menu bar, and "Run Last Launched"
  # Select the session type from the drop-down (e.g., SDSession)
  # Select Create DBO (Windows Only) or Load DBO
  # Navigate to the directory with your .mdb/.tr files. (See FolderSetup page for directory structure information)
    * For Create DBO, select an .mdb or .tr file from a subject directory
      # A DBO will be created with subject_name_timestamp.dbo
    * For Load DBO, select the DBO you want to load
  # Choose output as well as grouping and filtering, and then choose Run
  # Data will fill into the Eclipse console as tab-separated columns. These columns will copy/paste into most major spreadsheet programs.

= Obtaining Sample Data =
  * Send a request to the authors for sample data, or see the relevant wiki for the XML schema to roll your own data.

----
  # Although the code is written in Java, the code makes use of the windows-only JET Engine to read in MS Access files. It's unclear if there is an easy way to handle MS Access files in OSX and Linux
  # There is something exhilarating about downloading freshly minted code, although this approach is not without its problem. Once the code reaches a stable point, we should change this to have users download a recent tag, rather than checkout trunk